Mention required MWDB setup (#6)
CERT-Polska/karton-pcap-miner: README.md

* tshark (`apt install tshark`)
* karton-core

### MWDB setup

This karton services produces output tasks with the following attributes:

* `network-http`
* `network-tcp`
* `network-sni`
* `network-dns`

> In order to properly report the results to MWDB you need to manually add the attributes and make sure that the user used has write permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to properly report the results to MWDB you need to [manually declare the attributes](https://mwdb.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user-guide/6-Object-attributes.html#declaring-new-attribute) and make sure that the user used by the karton-mwdb-reporter has write permissions.
```
